Oh, dear.
Why did Lord Wu follow along to visit?
Liang Fan's beheading first and then playing is indeed Auntie's fault
But
Auntie is also thinking of your happiness.
I'm sorry, Liao Fan
The day my mother entered the capital
Just like that person, our marriage
I asked you to take refuge
It's not for you to propose marriage
Anyway, it's done now
Aunt Liao Fan will ask you one last time
Are you getting married or not?
Liao Fan, if you like another woman
I won't force you either.
I respect your choice.
I want to make a call to hello Miss Qin
Notify Sun Baitian
Come here now.
Ah, what are you?
He was carrying my daughter behind his back
Is there another woman outside?
Wait for them to arrive
I'll tell you if everything is okay.
Mr. Liao, what are your orders?
Mr. Sun
You and my husband have been comrades in arms for many years
Tell me about this Liao Fan
How many women does he have out there?
Or make it clear
He won't want to go out of this door today.
Don't be so arrogant
Mr. Liao is not someone you can dictate
how
Some of these frontier soldiers are my husband's superiors
He Liao Fan is just a Dragon Shuai substitute samurai
at best
That is, the descendants who are on the same level as my husband
I taught him not to. I'll tell you the truth
Mr. Liao is Long Shuai himself